Let you punish yourself, it has to be me
Climb out for me and you
It's all your fault for not knowing the sky and the earth
Hit Sun Shang and cause trouble for our neighbors
I beg your pardon.
Isn't it?
Oh, did you?
How dare your lowly waiter hit me
I don't want to hit you.
You made me an exception today
I'll tell you what.
I know a lot of dignitaries
Don't think you bullied me
I call it punishment
It's not called bullying, do you understand?
Besides, you think you rely on that beauty
Seduce your connections
Just want to stop looking at me
You can wait and see.
I won't let you peek
I am waiting for wood
Take care of yourself
Hello dad
The waiter who obviously liked me hit me
Hurry up and find someone to clean him up for me